so the last thing i wanted to do with my
time off of youtube is to do more
creative things
so i literally just sat and turned into
a human amoeba
a blob that just ate and watched tv
shows
movies and reality tv all day and i am
not ashamed to say that and i am
not ashamed to say that and of course i
was totally open to taking
antidepressants that's not something
that i think should be stigmatized
in the next three or four minutes i want
you to note
how many times it's said and there's no
reason to be ashamed of that and there's
no reason why i should apologize for
that
there's no reason why i should regret
doing that
they say this again and again in the
unedited sources
it's added in again and again believe me
i've condensed this
down i can remember screaming at my
father screaming for comical effect
years ago when he came back from the
doctor i can't remember screwing my
father
barry when the doctor tells you
you have nothing to be ashamed of it's
because
there's something for you to be
ashamed of when these people are telling
you
they have no regrets and they have
nothing to apologize for
there's something they regret there's
something right now on youtube
they're making a public apology for and
inwardly subjectively there's some sense
of disappointment they're struggling
with
for me um one of the things that gives
me happiness is what i call
enlightenment
i have been depressed for like about six
months
a good half half of 2020 for me has just
been
full on depression and just ready to
commit and live eat myself out of this
universe
obviously i would never hurt myself i
think it's a very selfish thing to do to
the people that care about you
anna let me ask it first in the form of
a question what are the different
forms of happiness or enjoyment
that you have in life and then we'll
talk about how to
you know put them in buckets or
categories that is quite a question jane
i mean it is but that's what you got to
think it through because like i talked
about in the beginning
it's not just simple hedonism okay
otherwise we'd all be doing meth 24 7
until our teeth fell out
right this is not the first depression
that i've been to through this is not
the first time i've been feeling
well so this was no news for me i've
never done anything to hurt myself
because i just feel like it's a really
shitty thing to do by hurting yourself
you're just
traumatizing everyone that loves you and
of course i was totally open to taking
antidepressants
what are the different kinds of things
that make you happy so i would probably
put it into two
no three different buckets bucket number
one is
uh work related happiness
actually i just needed vitamin d that's
a very lame reason to get rid of your
depression
usually it's like i had an epiphany i
went to my therapist
and i discovered myself and blah blah
blah but like
no i just needed some vitamin d there's
stop and smell the roses type happiness
where you
take a moment to like really appreciate
your surroundings and the things that
make your life
as great as it is i'm like basically
here for the money only
at this point i'm like basically here
for the money only
at this point and then there's like
pleasure happiness
so pleasure happiness is you know
special time my husband and you're
totally allowed to feel exhausted
if you want to take one year off of that
if you want to take two years off of
that that's completely valid
not that you have the option to do that
under capitalism not that i have the
option to escape the prison of labor
working at all is not something that any
animal is built to do
or meant to do or wants to do nobody
chooses labor
for me one of the things that gives me
happiness is what i call enlightenment
so figuring out what i want all the
things we were just discussing
a couple of minutes ago figuring out who
i am
what are my goals what's my path and
understanding life overall
when something clicks for me and i go oh
i get it i'm like yes
that feels great um nobody chooses work
all of their animals don't work unless
we force them to
but all other animals are free we're not
we under capitalism are forced to work
and
every need that we have we are forced to
work in order to provide
for that need if we don't work our only
option is
starvation there's no escaping
capitalism another bucket is just simply
ecstasy so what you're referring to as
both yeah yeah
i like that yeah it's a better word i
like it yeah
and isn't that amazing why shouldn't we
feel ecstasy
and it helped me reevaluate a lot of
things in my life
and one of the things is activism and i
realized i don't want to do that anymore
and i know this probably disappoints a
lot of you
but i just feel like i've been banging
my head up against the wall for the last
five to six years
i feel like heartbroken honestly like i
don't think that things are gonna change
in regards to the environment
i don't see like compassion towards
animals
and animal liberation happening i don't
see ending worker exploitation
ending sweatshops ending slave labor
uh i just i don't see us changing
i think we're gonna continue mistreating
each other until the end of time
i'm just i'm i'm done trying to change
things i'm done
trying to be an online activist and make
an impact
okay then the biggest bucket though the
biggest
one that is not talked about in terms of
happiness enough in society is
fulfillment
fulfillment's a hell of a drug and
doing good things for other people
god we have such a cynical society
that's why i keep wanting to say
it's up to you whether you want to say
it's unrealistic or pollyannish etc
it's my gut instinct to keep telling you
that right but
um it's not pollyannish
we are built as social animals so when
we
help others or when we do good things
for others it makes
us feel good we're literally
biologically programmed that way and
obviously like i don't have to excuse
myself for that but i'm obviously giving
you a heads up because if you're
supporting me on patreon for activism
this is not necessarily what i'm focused
what i'm going to be focused on anymore
i'm like basically here for the money
only
at this point
[Music]
and you shall eat your bread in the
sweat of your brow
remember that remember that the shifting
significance of labor itself
the strange inversion
of the left wing's view of work
let's keep in mind the left wing in
england still to this day
associates itself with the name the
labor party
but labor has become a bad word
to many people on the new left and i
don't mean the new left
as in the 1990s new left i mean the 2021
new left i mean hassan hassan [ __ ]
hassan abby
he's in the thumbnail for this video i
didn't bother giving you
a clip of him saying that he supports
the
cancel work movement we had a clip on
youtube channel just a few days ago
he regards it as his moral crusade to
explain to the world
how evil and exploitative and contrary
to human nature
work itself is labor is employment of
any kind is
right so this is the next step into
absurdity
for the left the same movement that in
the past valorized and fetishized the
factory worker
is now valorizing and fetishizing
the social media live streamer
the person who plays video games and
lives in a state of perpetual leisure
and complains complains that we live in
a fallen
state right i mean
i realize there's more than one
assessment of work to be found in the
bible
but it seems to me that this reflects
the same pattern of thinking
as the fall from the garden of eden
there's some unspecified
natural state of total self-indulgence
that we're supposedly entitled to but we
ate the wrong apple now we're
now we're trapped in this capitalist
hellhole
that somehow it's capitalism that's
contrary to human nature and that forces
us
contrary to this nature contrary to this
lost eden
to live in a state of perpetual
exploitation and work
there are very basic very fundamental
and very meaningful questions
about the meaning of life to be answered
here
and it doesn't seem to occur to anyone
who's inside this left-wing bubble
that the reason why they're so
self-hating
the reason why they're always teetering
on the edge of suicide
the reason why they're so miserable even
when they have
a combination of wealth fame
youth beauty and a life of as much
self-indulgence as they could
possibly you know manage as they could
possibly
bear to endure when they have creative
opportunities when they have an audience
when they have the opportunity to you
know pursue
the type of activism that they were
e-begging for just a few years ago oh if
only people gave me money
so i could build up my platform and i
could change the world and share my
great ideas to people and now you've got
that and guess what you're suicidal
could it be could it be that all these
things are rooted philosophically
in this fundamentally mistaken
assessment
of work itself a fundamental
misapprehension
of human nature